Update the Set Environment Variables via .env Procedure (#791)
astronomer/docs: astro/develop-project.md

:::

## Set Environment Variables with the env Command

> For Astro projects deployed on Astro, Astronomer recommends [setting environment variables with the Cloud UI](environment-variables.md#set-environment-variables-via-the-astro-ui). For local development, you can use the [Astro CLI](cli/get-started.md) to set environment variables in your project's `.env` file.

Author: @sunkickr thanks for the feedback. I have modified the text as you recommended.

> If your environment variables contain sensitive information or credentials that you don't want exposed in plain-text, you can add your `.env` file to `.gitignore` when you deploy these changes to your version control tool.

Reviewer: Should we put this information after the procedure? Seems more relevant once somebody's finished adding their values to the file

Author: @jwitz I think this is information users would want to know _before_ completing the task. If a user uses environment variables containing sensitive data, it's good to know in advance that there is a solution BEFORE they complete the task. It's a chicken and egg issue - my preference is always to provide information _before_ a task so the user is aware of potential issues and solutions.

1. Open the `.env` file in your Astro project directory.
2. Add your environment variables to the `.env` file, or open the Astro CLI and run `astro deployment variable list --save` to copy environment variables from an existing Deployment to the file.

    Use the following format when you set environment variables in your `.env` file:

    ```
    AIRFLOW__CORE__DAG_CONCURRENCY=5
    ```
3. Run `astro dev start --env .env` to rebuild your image.

> 4. Optional. Run `astro deployment variable create/update --load` to send environment variables from your `.env` file to a Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Optional. Run `astro deployment variable create/update --load` to export environment variables from your `.env` file to a Deployment. You can view and modify the exported environment variables in the Cloud UI page for your Deployment. See [Environment Variables](environment-variables.md). 
```
Trying to clarify what it means to "Send" variables to a Deployment. I think users might struggle with correlating local dev configurations to Astro configurations.

> 4. Optional. Run `astro deployment variable create/update --load` to send environment variables from your `.env` file to a Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Optional. Run `astro deployment variable create/update --load` to export environment variables from your `.env` file to a Deployment. You can view and modify the exported environment variables in the Cloud UI page for your Deployment. To manage environment variables in the Cloud UI, see [Environment Variables](environment-variables.md).
```
Trying to clarify what it means to "Send" variables to a Deployment. I think users might struggle with correlating local dev configurations to Astro configurations.

I know how you feel about adding extra text to the links for other docs, but I think it's warranted here because it's not immediately clear why we'd link to a doc called "Environment variables" from within an environment variable-based procedure.
